CLIENT STATEMENT

For the Period February 1-28, 2025

STATEMENT FOR:
DAVIS W FRANK

Beginning Total Value (as of 2/1/25)
Ending Total Value (as of 2/28/25)

$3,400,101.97
$3,398,818.77

Includes Accrued Interest

Your Relationship Manager
JASON MONEY
800-473-6778

Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. Member SIPC.
E*TRADE is a business of Morgan Stanley.

Access Your Account Online At
www.etrade.com or call 800-387-2331

#BWNJGWM

DAVIS W FRANK
1540 BALBOA AVE
BURLINGAME CA 94010

INVESTMENTS AND INSURANCE PRODUCTS: NOT FDIC INSURED • NOT A BANK DEPOSIT •
NOT INSURED BY ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY • NOT BANK GUARANTEED •
MAY LOSE VALUE • UNLESS SPECIFICALLY NOTED, ALL VALUES ARE DISPLAYED IN USD

520 - 852519 - 201 - 4 - 1

CLIENT STATEMENT

For the Period February 1-28, 2025

Page 2 of 10

Standard Disclosures
The following Disclosures are applicable to the enclosed statement(s). exchange for pledging assets in your accounts as collateral for any
printed in heat-sensitive ink on the back of every page. When exposed
Expanded Disclosures are attached to your most recent June and
outstanding margin loan. The amount you may borrow is based on the to warmth, the color will disappear, and then reappear.
December statement (or your first Statement if you have not received a value of the eligible securities in your margin accounts. If a security has SIPC Protection
We are a member of Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC),
statement for those months). The Expanded Disclosures are also
eligible shares, the number of shares pledged as collateral will be
which protects securities of its customers up to $500,000 (including
available online or by contacting us by using the contact information on indicated below the position.
$250,000 for claims for cash). An explanatory brochure is available
Margin Interest Charges
the statement cover page.
We calculate interest charges on margin loans as follows: (1) multiply upon request or at www.sipc.org. Losses due to market fluctuation are
Questions?
Questions regarding your account may be directed to us by using the
the applicable margin interest rate by the daily close of business net
not protected by SIPC and assets not held with us may not be covered
contact information on the statement cover page.
settled debit balance, and (2) divide by 360 (days). Margin interest
by SIPC protection. To obtain information about SIPC, including an
Errors and Inquiries
accrues daily throughout the month and is added to your debit balance explanatory SIPC brochure, contact SIPC at 1-202-371-8300 or visit
Be sure to review your statement promptly, and immediately address
at month-end. The month-end interest charge is the sum of the daily
www.sipc.org.
any concerns regarding entries that you do not understand or believe
Transaction Dates and Conditions
accrued interest calculations for the month. We add the accrued
were made in error by contacting us by using the contact information
interest to your debit balance and start a new calculation each time the Upon written request, we will furnish the date and time of a transaction
on your statement cover page. Oral communications regarding any
and the name of the other party to a transaction. We and/or our
applicable interest rate changes and at the close of every statement
inaccuracy or discrepancy in this statement should be re-confirmed in month. For interest rate information, log into your account online and
affiliates may accept benefits that constitute payment for order flow.
writing to further protect your rights, including rights under the
select your account with a Margin agreement to view more information. Details regarding these benefits and the source and amount of any
Securities Investor Protection Act (SIPA). Your statement will be
other remuneration received or to be received by us in connection with
Information Regarding Special Memorandum Account
deemed correct unless we receive a written inquiry of a suspected
If you have a Margin Account, this is a combined statement of your
any transaction will be furnished upon written request.
error. See your account documentation for special rules regarding your Margin Account and Special Memorandum Account maintained for you Equity Research Ratings Definitions and Global Investment Manager
rights and responsibilities with respect to erroneous electronic fund
under Section 220.5 of Regulation T issued by the Board of Governors Analysis Status
Some equity securities may have research ratings from Morgan Stanley
transfers, including a description of the transfers covered. For concerns of the Federal Reserve System. The permanent record of the Special
or complaints, contact us.
Memorandum Account as required by Regulation T is available for your & Co. LLC or Morningstar, Inc. Research ratings are the research
providers' opinions and not representations or guarantees of
Senior Investor Helpline
inspection at your request.
performance. For more information about each research provider's
Senior Investor clients or those acting on their behalf have a convenient Important Information About Auction Rate Securities
rating system, see the Research Ratings on your most recent June or
way to communicate with our Firm by calling us at (800) 280-4534
For certain Auction Rate Securities there is no or limited liquidity.
December statement (or your first statement if you have not received a
Monday-Friday 9am-7pm Eastern Time.
Therefore, the price(s) for these Auction Rate Securities are indicated
statement for those months), go online or refer to the research
Availability of Free Credit Balances and Financial Statements
by N/A (not available). There can be no assurance that a successful
Under the customer protection rules of the SEC [17 CFR
auction will occur or that a secondary market exists or will develop for provider's research report. Research reports contain more complete
§240.15c3-3], we may use funds comprising free credit balances
information concerning the analyst's views and you should read the
a particular security.
carried for customer accounts here, provided that these funds are
entire research report and not infer its contents from the rating alone. If
Structured Investments Risks and Considerations
payable to customers on demand (i.e., are free of a lien or right of
Structured Investments (Structured Products) are complex products and your account contains an advisory component or is an advisory
set-off in our favor or on behalf of some third party to whom you have may be subject to special risks. Investors should consider the
account, a GIMA status will apply.
Credit Ratings from Moody's Investors Service and Standard & Poor's
given control). A financial statement of this organization is available for concentration risk of owning the related security and their total
The credit rating from Moody's Investors Service and Standard & Poor's
your personal inspection at its offices, or a copy will be mailed to you
exposure to any underlying asset. Structured Investments, which may
may be shown for certain securities. All credit ratings represent the
upon your written request.
appear in various statement product categories and are identified on
opinions of the provider and are not representations or guarantees of
Listed Options
the Position Description Details line as "Asset Class: Struct Inv," may
Information with respect to commissions and other charges related to
performance. Please contact us if you need further information or
not perform in a manner consistent with the statement product
the execution of options transactions has been included in
assistance in interpreting these credit ratings.
category where they appear and therefore may not satisfy portfolio
confirmations of such transactions previously furnished to you and such asset allocation needs for that category. For information on the risks
information will be made available to you promptly at your request.
and conflicts of interest related to Structured Investments generally, log Revised 2/4/2025
Promptly advise us of any material change in your investment
in to Morgan Stanley Online and go to
objectives or financial situation.
https://mso.morganstanleyclientserv.com/publiccontent/pdf/SI-COI.pdf
Important Information if You are a Margin Customer(not available for Security Measures
certain retirement accounts)
This statement features several embedded security elements to
If you have margin privileges, you may borrow money from us in
safeguard its authenticity. One is a unique blue security rectangle,

Page 3 of 10

For the Period February 1-28, 2025
Self-Directed Retirement Account
520-852519-201
Rollover IRA

Account Summary
CHANGE IN VALUE OF YOUR ACCOUNT (includes accrued interest)
TOTAL BEGINNING VALUE

This Year
(1/1/25-2/28/25)

$3,400,101.97

$3,144,446.34

Credits

—

—

Debits

(23.00)

(23.00)

—

—

Security Transfers
Net Credits/Debits/Transfers
Change in Value
TOTAL ENDING VALUE

DAVIS W FRANK

MARKET VALUE OVER TIME

This Period
(2/1/25-2/28/25)

$(23.00)

$(23.00)

(1,260.20)

254,395.43

$3,398,818.77

$3,398,818.77

The below chart displays the most recent thirteen months of Market Value.

3.6

8.1%

0.0%

JAN

FEB

15.3% 0.0%

($) Millions

CLIENT STATEMENT

3.2
5.3%

2.8
2.4

6.9%

14.3%

1.2%

4.8%

9.6%

1.4%

AUG

SEP

-5.9%

-8.0%

2
1.6

FEB MAR APR MAY JUN

JUL
2024

OCT

NOV

DEC

2025

The percentages above represent the change in dollar value from the prior period. They do not represent
account investment performance, as they do not consider the impact of contributions and withdrawals,
nor other factors that may have affected performance calculations. No percentage will be displayed
when the previous month reflected no value.

ASSET ALLOCATION (includes accrued interest)

Cash
Market Value

Cash
Equities
TOTAL VALUE

$5,160.29
3,393,658.48
$3,398,818.77

Percentage

0.15
99.85
100.00%

FDIC rules apply and Bank Deposits are eligible for FDIC insurance but are not covered by SIPC. Cash
and securities (including MMFs) are eligible for SIPC coverage. See Expanded Disclosures.
Values may include assets externally held, as a courtesy, and may not be covered by SIPC. Foreign
Exchange (FX) is neither FDIC nor SIPC insured. For additional information, refer to the corresponding
section of this statement.
Equities
This asset allocation represents holdings on a trade date basis, and projected settled Cash/BDP and
MMF balances. These classifications do not constitute a recommendation and may differ from the
classification of instruments for regulatory or tax purposes.

